---
layout: page
subheadline: ""
title:  "Week Four"
teaser: "Nervousness, discouragement, and optimism, just in time for the new year."
categories:
    - project-1000
tags:
    - origami
    - project 1000
image:
    title: Project1000_Reboot/proj1000_wk4.jpg
    thumb: Project1000_Reboot/proj1000_wk4.jpg
    homepage: Project1000_Reboot/proj1000_wk4.jpg
author: DK Nguyen
---
This whole week could be summarized in the following:

Nervousness, discouragement, and optimism, just in time for the new year.

I had an interview with a really good company, and I was really excited and very nervous the few days leading up to it. I studied as much as I could, but I know that I have no chance of knowing everything from the ground to the sky, CS-related. One thing I learned? Google. Everything I need to know is at the tip of my fingers, and unlike the old days, I have that advantage. I tend to focus on the bigger idea because I know that if I get down to it, I know I can sit myself down with a Computer and the Internet and be able to figure it out.

But of course in an interview, it's not something you can do, or say for that matter. I know that I know many things. But being under pressure and nervous all day, I easily blank out when I'm being confronted and questioned. In normal circumstances, I know that it would come down to be resourceful and creative, and that? I can do. So the discouragement part? That was because I said "I don't know" a lot without a good comeback. It was because the questions I was asked were mostly things I learned during school and understood and read about. Or things I actually had never learned about. These were the things I knew I could easily look up and apply. But resourcefulness is not what I can really show if what they are looking for are immediate answers. So for a few days, I felt small and disappointed afterwards.

Regardless, even if I didn't get the job, as much as everyone keeps telling me to keep hoping till the end, the interview was still something I was able to learn from and take away. Even though I can't gain experience working there, I gained experience going through the interview process. And as much as this interview was difficult to go through and "hard to think back on without cringing", I'm not stopping - I'm still continuing to try for other opportunities.

And hey, it's the Chinese New Year! Instead of moping around the house, I decided to take some steps outside and went to the Tet festival this year. This was probably one of the boldest moves I've done in a long time, taking pictures of cranes in public, so I was happy I went outside my boundaries.

Happy Chinese New Year! :)
